I'm teaching you how to do my favorite
trick pretty much every which is the
switch heelflip so before you started
I'm going to need to choose a old deck
so have his head my favorite board and a
carpet and you probably would want to
learn your basic tricks before you get
started with you I pop shove-it
probably one
regular
you
and you're probably going to have to so
jolly you're basing Swiss tricks
just look
that's something switch lips part of it
you should really look like that that
was really bad I went like this and the
sort of like literally we it should look
better
some of that but switch heelflip you're
gonna you're gonna have to ill do a
switch on it's like pretty high like
well I'm gonna carpet I can you can't
really get them with that Heinrich are
people I get the bill though I'm pretty
high and you want to know let's reach it
actually I'm going to get started with
your foot placement so put your back
foot usually your back foot kickflip
would be like this you take your back
foot and you put it in the middle of the
board you want to hang a little bit of
the heel off I mean won't hang your toes
off something about here-ish and you're
going to put your usually it'll be a
flicking foot and you're going to put it
right on the tail right you told us
right on the tip look right here
it's like that and then just like pop
and flicking do something you know I
shouldn't be telling you how to do this
but you should know how to do it already
pop but can't leap op on a carpet so I'm
not going to say pop I would say apply
pressure so applying pressure sounds
money detail so you get the board and
while you're doing that kick your foot
sort of like a little bit down and out
you shouldn't going to kick down but you
have to kick down pretty much on the
carpet you can't see like a moan but
she'll it looks like something like this
I like the kicking motion but what
happened there was I didn't move my back
foot out of the way and I didn't let it
flip like you should add flip first like
practice on one foot and then land both
feet
you
you know finally the heart of a trick
keep your practice a lot you don't want
to put your foot over here because you
probably not gonna be able to slip a
trick well you probably can't do it my
right a small person so don't you do
that and you don't want to put it here
because this will happen well actually
not that but this little straight up and
bad things will happen to you so just
pop and flick until you get the hang of
it probably don't like land like this
like upside down well let's sit down
then you're probably we're trying to do
it s this you probably would want to
learn let's switch varial heel those are
fun
that's terrible I'll try one more so you
can go anywhere have two lines check
switching your heels you can't do it all
I could barely regular wood here I'll
just try hey I did one well happy let's
pretty much it
you